{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17880\viewh10680\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Core Competency 4: Teamwork and Cooperation\

\f1\b0 Makes positive contributions to achieving team goals. Develops and maintains\
collaborative working relationships with others. Builds effective partnerships that facilitate working\
across boundaries, groups, or organizations. Respects and values individual differences and diversity\
by treating everyone fairly and professionally. Works constructively with others to reach mutually\
acceptable agreements to resolve conflicts.\
\
Example: Lead and coordinated a small staff of specialists to solve and resolve human capital\
(specify) issues.\
\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx2880\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I worked closely with CISA IT and Threat Hunting analysts to support the integration of Xpanse data into UADS, ensuring the end result met technical and operational expectations. This effort bridged multiple teams and highlighted the value of cooperative problem-solving across technical disciplines.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I participated in the development of the JANUS and TECHMAN workflows, contributing to design discussions and helping ensure that team needs were reflected in process structures and categorization. This demonstrated a collaborative mindset and willingness to support shared infrastructure for managing technical projects.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I contributed to the Service Map project by coordinating interviews and data collection with stakeholders across CDE, building strong working relationships and aligning efforts with mission needs. This collaboration facilitated broader visibility into capabilities and contributed to shared situational awareness.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I partnered with my team to consolidate duplicated Protective DNS data, coordinating efforts to decommission redundant systems and align with enterprise-supported infrastructure. This initiative reflected teamwork across both technical and operational boundaries to achieve a unified, more efficient outcome.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I co-developed a Bash script with my team to automate multi-server pcap retrieval, contributing to technical planning and shared implementation of the solution. This effort supported team efficiency and demonstrated cooperative problem-solving in support of incident response.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I participated in recurring stakeholder meetings to align Threat Hunting activities with evolving CDE initiatives, helping ensure shared understanding and mutual accountability. These engagements reinforced productive collaboration and supported shared outcomes across branches and teams.
\f2 \strokec2 \
}