{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20620\viewh13380\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Core Competency 2: Customer Service
\f1\b0 \
Communicates with customers to understand their needs. Work with customers to set\
expectations and keeps them informed of issues or problems. Provides timely, flexible, and responsive\
services to customers.\
\
Example. Updated the customer on a weekly basis to discuss anticipated customer needs and needed\
changes per the customer\'92s feedback for the (specify) project.\
\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx2880\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I collaborated with Accenture to identify and resolve an issue with the Protective DNS acknowledgment file, ensuring the integrity and auditability of data transfers. This proactive engagement restored a key validation mechanism and demonstrated responsiveness to a stakeholder-dependent process.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I created a containerized Bulk VirusTotal Lookup tool to improve usability for analysts and support flexible deployment in field kits. This addressed user feedback on tool limitations and delivered a more portable, efficient, and user-focused solution.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I contributed to the development of JANUS and TECHMAN workflows to ensure that incoming technical requests were structured, trackable, and aligned with the needs of CDE stakeholders. This effort helped improve responsiveness, visibility, and customer satisfaction across cross-functional technical efforts.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I developed SharePoint site templates that consolidated project documentation and tool information to help stakeholders quickly find relevant materials and points of contact. This improved the self-service experience for internal users and reduced information silos across the organization.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I participated in stakeholder meetings to understand cross-team needs and pain points, using that input to inform Service Map design and capability planning. These engagements ensured that our deliverables aligned with evolving stakeholder requirements and expectations.\
}