{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21040\viewh12840\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Core Competency 3: Representing the Agency\

\f1\b0 Represents the agency and its interests and interactions with external parties. Ensures that\
interactions with and information provided to outside parties reflect positively on the agency. Enhances\
trust and credibility in the agency and its mission through effective professional interactions with others\
outside the organization. Deals professionally and tactfully with external parties in difficult, tense, or\
emergency situations.\
\
Example: Solved an unexpected and difficult human resource or data technical issue (specify) and\
followed up to ensure the problem was completely resolved, without supervision.\
\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx2880\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I worked directly with Accenture to identify and resolve a failure in the Protective DNS acknowledgment file, helping restore data integrity checks and advocating for enhancements to improve transparency. This collaboration demonstrated professionalism and helped maintain trust in the agency\'92s data sharing and auditing processes.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I acted as a liaison between Threat Hunting analysts and CISA IT to coordinate the integration of Xpanse data into UADS search results, ensuring that the resulting interface was useful, accurate, and aligned with mission needs. This work supported consistent external coordination and ensured CISA tools reflected well on our technical standards and responsiveness.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I contributed to documentation and workflow structures for TECHMAN and JANUS initiatives, helping ensure that externally visible systems for technical request tracking were clear, consistent, and aligned with agency-wide standards. These efforts reflected a commitment to professional, mission-aligned representation of CISA\'92s work to both internal and external audiences.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I regularly participated in stakeholder engagement meetings across CDE initiatives to represent Threat Hunting\'92s priorities, provide input on technical planning, and ensure our contributions supported agency-wide goals. These engagements helped build trust, strengthen professional relationships, and ensured that Threat Hunting\'92s work reflected positively on the agency\'92s mission.}