{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16160\viewh10160\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Core Competency 5: Technical Proficiency\

\f1\b0 Demonstrates and applies relevant knowledge and skills to perform work in accordance\
with applicable guidelines. Uses appropriate and available technology or tools to perform work\
activities. Acquires, develops, and maintains relevant and appropriate job skills through training or\
other opportunities for learning and development. Stays up to date on developments related to own\
work. Demonstrates an understanding of the organization\'92s mission, functions, and systems. Collects\
relevant information that is needed to identify and address problems or issues. Analyzes and integrates\
information to identify issues and draw sound conclusions. Identifies and evaluates alternative\
solutions to problems. Makes sound, well-informed, and timely decisions or recommendations.\
Identifies and utilizes innovative or creative methods and solutions to accomplish work, as appropriate.\
Maintains an awareness of available resources and the process for acquiring resources. Identifies and\
advocates for resources required to accomplish work activities or projects. Makes effective and efficient\
use of available resources. Safeguards available resources to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse.\
\
Example: Led team meetings and guided the discussion so that all members were allowed time to\
share ideas and opinions.\
\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx2880\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I developed a PowerShell script to retrieve SamAccountNames from the GAL, enabling secure and timely whitelist creation for AE Services during a critical access restriction effort. This solution automated a time-intensive task and demonstrated effective use of scripting to meet operational needs.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I co-developed a Bash script that automated pcap retrieval and filtering across multiple servers for IRB and TS campaigns, significantly reducing the need for manual access. This contribution improved incident response workflows and showed proficiency in command-line automation and data handling.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I created a containerized Bulk VirusTotal Lookup tool to replace a legacy service, improving usability and enabling deployment in field kits. This demonstrated technical initiative, design thinking, and a strong understanding of user-focused development.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I performed analysis on SentinelOne and UAL data sources and identified technical gaps, such as missing fields and insufficient documentation, that prevented integration into our analytics platform. These evaluations supported informed decision-making and prevented wasted integration efforts.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I analyzed data duplication across platforms for Protective DNS, leading to consolidation under ECK and decommissioning of a redundant AWS-hosted system. This effort demonstrated both technical insight and resource optimization in support of infrastructure goals.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I authored technical documentation on Crowdstrike data structures, including how to interpret and enrich dual-alert fields for improved use in analytics pipelines. This work supported better data understanding and showcased clear, technically grounded communication.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I prototyped an internal AI capability using OpenWebUI, including a Dockerized deployment and proposed use cases for rule generation, developer assistance, and documentation support. This demonstrated exploration of emerging technologies and alignment with modern security operations workflows.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I completed Elastic training sessions focused on Generative AI and Machine Learning to deepen my technical skillset and prepare for evolving data analysis needs. This reflects a commitment to continuous learning and adapting to future-facing security technologies.\
}