{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green21\blue22;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12740\viewh15760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Goal #1 \cf2 Threat Hunting FY25 Performance Goal:\cf0 \
\
Achieved Expectations\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 Support inputs necessary that enable the organization to track and measure performance. Inputs will be provided though the appropriate channels at the cadence dictated by leadership.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 Provide on the appropriate cadence and through appropriate channels to support inputs for measures and metrics.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 Follow all \'93Flexible Work Environment Principles.\'94 This includes that teammates will be on camera during virtual meetings when working from unclassified spaces; exceptions to this should be rare and explicitly approved by the meeting organizer.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 Follow all TH policy and guidance regarding operational and programmatic decision making. Decisions shall be made at the appropriate levels of the organization (e.g., executive vs. manager) and be effectively communicated to relevant stakeholders.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 Assist in process and procedure development in accordance with redesign goals. For example, support and assist in the development of branch or section-level concept of operations (CONOPS) or other project-related documents; participate in a working group relevant to your role, respond to project surveys on-time, or other equivalent asks.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 Complete Federal Acquisition Certification (FAC) Training Course 043 - Ethics & Procurement Integrity. Provide certificate to direct supervisor by August 1, 2025\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Achieved Excellence:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \cb4 In addition to the \'93Achieved Expectations\'94 requirements,\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cb1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \cb4 Identify at least three (3) innovative (concept, process improvement, and/or technology) improvements for the subdivision, document and submit:\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cf3 \cb1 {\listtext	o	}
\f0 \cb4 If only relevant to the section, submit to section chief.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cb1 {\listtext	o	}
\f0 \cb4 If only related to the branch, submit to branch chief.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2 \cb1 {\listtext	o	}
\f0 \cb4 If related to subdivision, submit to AD/DAD review via chain of command.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf3 \cb1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \cb4 Submit work-related achievements/ accomplishments at minimum once per month in writing to your supervisor and/or Branch Chief.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cb1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \cb4 Be nominated by your Office, Branch Chief, Deputy Branch Chief, or first-line supervisor for a TH, CSD, and/or CISA individual award during the FY25 performance cycle. Award nominations should be made for individuals who have distinguished themselves by making outstanding and extraordinary contributions to CISA\'92s mission.
\f3 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx2880\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'97\'97\'97
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Completed the required FAC training for FY25, supporting compliance with CISA\'92s ethics and procurement standards.
\f3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Took initiative to design and prototype SharePoint site templates to extend the Service Map project and improve EOS branch project management. The concept, which centralizes documentation, ownership, and resources, was well received and supports long-term knowledge management goals.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contributed to the design of the JANUS workflow and CDE project coordination framework, enhancing ELM\'92s role in standardizing cross-team collaboration and quality assurance. Developed categorization schemes to measure mission impact and resource alignment across CDE, including buckets such as application development, operations, and analytic development.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participated in the design and documentation review of the TECHMAN project, a leadership-driven effort to centralize tracking, management, and documentation of all organizational technical and development work. This contribution supported the rollout of a standardized, org-wide process for coordinating and prioritizing programmatic technical requests.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participated in multiple stakeholder engagement meetings across CDE initiatives to gather input, align priorities, and represent Threat Hunting perspectives. These engagements supported more informed decision-making and strengthened cross-team collaboration.\
}