{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13480\viewh15040\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Coordinated the integration of TH AE Services into EntraID, enabling access requests to be routed through CISA\'92s standard ticketing platform. This improvement streamlined user onboarding, eliminated ad hoc email requests, and reduced operational overhead for the team.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Developed a one-time PowerShell script to retrieve TH user SamAccountNames from the GAL, enabling rapid whitelist implementation for TH AE Services. This solution saved approximately a week of manual effort and ensured timely compliance with a leadership directive to restrict server access.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Analyzed data usage and identified duplicative storage of Protective DNS data across multiple platforms, including a large AWS-hosted PostgreSQL instance. Coordinated with the team to consolidate access to ECK, enabling decommissioning of redundant infrastructure and aligning with CISA\'92s primary data analysis platform.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Participated in the design and documentation review of the TECHMAN JIRA project, a leadership-driven effort to centralize tracking, management, and documentation of all organizational technical and development work. This contribution supported the rollout of a standardized, org-wide process for coordinating and prioritizing programmatic technical requests.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Attended the Generative AI Elastic training.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Attended the ML Elastic training.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Authored multiple analytical reports on Crowdstrike data, including documentation of its dual-alert structure and guidance for enriching related events. Conducted analysis demonstrating that key fields required to replicate Crowdstrike UI saved searches were missing in ECK, informing future data integration efforts.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Performed analysis on SentinelOne data and determined that key fields and supporting documentation were insufficient for effective use within ECK. Findings informed the need for additional data acquisition or enrichment before integration can proceed.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborated with Accenture to resolve a failure in their Protective DNS acknowledgment file, which is used for auditing and data integrity checks. The fix restored essential validation capabilities and introduced improvements to the file format to enhance future data verification.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Contributed to the ongoing Service Map project by collecting application and tool data, conducting stakeholder interviews, and documenting ownership and usage. This effort supports improved visibility into Threat Hunting capabilities and lays the groundwork for more effective resource management.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Took initiative to design and prototype SharePoint site templates to extend the Service Map project and improve EOS branch project management. The concept, which centralizes documentation, ownership, and resources, was well received and supports long-term knowledge management goals.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Acted as a liaison between TH analysts and CISA IT to support the integration of Xpanse data into UADS search results. Provided input on technical requirements to ensure relevant and actionable information is displayed, enhancing visibility for threat analysts.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Co-developed a Bash script to automate multi-server pcap retrieval and filtering for the IRB and TS campaigns, using date/time ranges and IP-based tcpdump queries. This significantly reduced the need for manual server access, streamlining incident response efforts and saving analyst time.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Developed a containerized Bulk VirusTotal Lookup tool to replace the existing AE service utility, offering improved user experience and portability.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Contributed to the design of the JANUS workflow and CDE project coordination framework, enhancing ELM\'92s role in standardizing cross-team collaboration and quality assurance. Developed categorization schemes to measure mission impact and resource alignment across CDE, including buckets such as application development, operations, and analytic development.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Completed FAC training for 2025.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proactively proposed and prototyped an internal AI capability using OpenWebUI, including development of a baseline Docker image for local deployment. Identified use cases spanning analyst support, rule generation, query building, and documentation enhancement to improve technical and operational efficiency across CDE.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Participated in multiple stakeholder engagement meetings across CDE initiatives to gather input, align priorities, and represent Threat Hunting perspectives. These engagements supported more informed decision-making and strengthened cross-team collaboration.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Participated in as many as possible steak holder engagement meetings.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}